the ghosts are spirits of beings
dead that come to appear in places
that were related to his life at
throughout history there have been several
images that have portrayed said entities
let's see what are the 10 photos of
most terrifying ghosts
in the photo of the British squadron of
godard who served the first war
world you see the fuzzy face of freddy
jackson a mechanic killed by accident
2 days before
in 1891 or lord died with vermeer more
late his spirit appears the library
posing sitting to the left of the
image
at zayner level and went to the cemetery to
visit the grave of his mother took a
picture her husband inside the car and
when he revealed the ghost was
his progenitor
the photo was taken in the 60s by a
religious of the area he claimed that
when he did it there was nobody in the
place
in the 18th century a woman called the law of
the same pool committed adultery and her husband
He locked her in a mansion where the
picture of his ghost was taken in the
20's by the woman is a descendant
from robert world pool
In a house in Ravenna, a girl
terrorizes the resident family that lives
with noises and voices all the time the
photo shows the author of said
phenomena
the photo was taken in 1997 and five years
then its author noticed in a way
strange that of singer jim morrison
posing next to his grave
in the 90s there was a fire in the
City hall of jobs yesterday were taken
some photos of the building and to reveal them
it was seen a girl is said to be the
ghost of a girl who burned a house
by accident and died
the photo was taken in the 60s in the
National Maritime Museum of Greenwich
where there are strange phenomena in the place
and the cursed house of amityville is
known to have been in the past a
sanatorium occult center as well as
where homicides were committed to
its owners in the picture you see the
appearance of a child murdered in the
place